src/content/docs/reference/about.mdx, before:

---
title: About The Game
description: Covers the basics of the game
sidebar:
    order: 1
---

import { Image } from 'astro:assets';
import screenshotCollage from '../../../assets/screenshots/screenshotsCollage.webp'

This article will cover some basic information about the game.

### Basics

Pokémon Hearth is meant to be a cozy adventure set in a brand new region. It is not a difficulty/qol hack. The difficulty level of the game is somewhat comparable to vanilla pokemon games. Currently the demo goes up to the third gym. The rest of the game is under development.

<Image src={screenshotCollage} alt='' />


### The Toku Region
The Ancient China/Japan inspired Toku Region is the setting of Pokemon Hearth. Being set in the distant past compared to mainline pokemon games, a lot of the terminology is borrowed from Pokemon Legends Arceus. For instance, there are no Pokemon Trainers in Toku. The term used instead is Pokemon Wielder.

#### A Living, Breathing World
Hearth features a dynamic internally managed clock instead of the standard Realtime Clock (RTC) used in Pokemon games. This means the in-game time is not dependent on anything outside it. The player can sleep at Pokemon Refuges to pass time. The world of Hearth will react to the in-game clock as NPCs have different schedules. Some NPCs will only appear at night and vice-versa. For instance, Shamisen Players appear in Refuges at night while the School is only open during the day.

#### Gorgeous Custom Assets
Nearly every asset in Hearth is bespoke. Nearly every NPC has a custom mugshot. The maps and tilesets are made from scratch.

### Learnsets
Hearth uses the Pokemon XY Learnsets as a fallback for all pokemon who don't have custom learnsets. The custom learnsets are not yet documented.

Commit message:

Styling + Hatto font + basic page structure

src/content/docs/reference/about.mdx, after:

---
title: About The Game
description: Covers the basics of the game
sidebar:
    order: 1
---

import { Image } from 'astro:assets';
import screenshotCollage from '../../../assets/screenshots/screenshotsCollage.webp'

### Basics

Pokémon Hearth is meant to be a **cozy adventure set in a brand new region**. The difficulty level is somewhat comparable to vanilla Pokémon games.

:::note
Currently **the demo goes up to the third gym**, the rest of the game is under development.
:::

<Image src={screenshotCollage} alt='' />

### The Toku Region
Pokémon Hearth takes place in the Toku Region, (freely) inspired by ancient China & Japan. Toku features diverse biomes such as forests, mountains, caves, open sea and volcanos.

### A Living, breathing world
Hearth features an **internally managed clock**; the in-game time is not dependent on actual time. The player can sleep at Pokémon Refuges to pass time. The world of Hearth will react to the in-game clock as NPCs have different schedules. For instance, Shamisen Players take shelter in Pokémon Refuges at night, while the School is only open during the day.

### Learnsets
Hearth uses the Pokémon XY Learnsets as a fallback for all Pokémon who don't have custom learnsets. The custom learnsets are not yet documented.
